<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<div id="homepage-body" class="column">
    <h1>Welcome to the Knowledge Bank</h1>
    <p>The Knowledge Bank is a collaborative service of the Ohio State University Libraries and the Office of the Chief Information Officer. Faculty, staff and graduate students associated with the Ohio State University are invited to deposit digital materials for long-term preservation and world-wide electronic accessibility.</p>
    <p>OSU communities are invited to use the Knowledge Bank to distribute their intellectual output. Examples of communities are academic departments, administrative units, programs, and interdisciplinary centers. Types of content include working papers, post prints, annual reports, technical reports, proceedings of conferences, senior honors theses, digital stories, interviews, videos, images, books, newsletters and journals.</p>
    <p>For more information about the Knowledge Bank, please visit the <a href="https://library.osu.edu/projects-initiatives/knowledge-bank/">Knowledge Bank Center website</a>. For assistance in depositing documents or for more information regarding the Knowledge Bank, send an email to <a href="mailto:libkbhelp@lists.acs.ohio-state.edu">libkbhelp@lists.acs.ohio-state.edu</a> or call the Libraries at 614-292-6151 and ask for Knowledge Bank support.</p>
    <p>To learn more about the Knowledge Bank, please see this video:</p>
    <p align="center" style="font-size:0.8em">
        <object width="400" height="316" data="https://library.osu.edu/assets/inc/player.swf" type="application/x-shockwave-flash">
            <param name="name" value="player"/>
            <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true"/>
            <param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"/>
            <param name="flashvars" value="file=http://streaming.osu.edu/knowledgebank/digstory10/connell-tschera.flv"/>
            <param name="src" value="https://library.osu.edu/assets/inc/player.swf"/>
        </object>
        <br />
        <a href="https://kb.osu.edu/dspace/handle/1811/46799">Click here</a> to view this video in other formats.
    </p>
    <p>Explore <a href="/dspace/community-list">Communities and Collections</a> in the Knowledge Bank.</p>
</div>
